README.md, before:

[简体中文](#chs) [繁體中文](#cht) [English](#en)

# <a name="chs">2020世界制履大赛中英对照翻译</a>

对照 https://shoegazing.com/2019/11/26/world-championships-in-shoemaking-2020-call-for-competition/ 来玩来一下中英对照翻译。

使用 Latex 来实现双列中英对照。

繁中在“TC”文件夹中。

简中在“SC”文件夹中。

编译需要有字体支持。请参照源文件的导言部分。

英文版权为Jesper Ingevaldsson所有。

## 分享协议

CC BY-ND 4.0

创意共享-注明出处-不可改动 4.0版本。

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/

你可以自由：

* 分享内容。因各种缘由复制或分派内容到任何媒体或格式都是可以的，甚至是作为商用。

原创人不可以吊销此等自由，只要你遵守如下的协议规定：

* 注明出处。你必须注明原作信息，提供连接到该项协议，并指明是否有作任何改动。你可以使用任何合理的方式来进行，但不可以以任何方式暗示原创人认可你或者你的应用。

* 不可改动。如果你重新混合，改编，或者在已有材料的基础上进行发展，你不可以分派这些改动过的内容。

除此以外，没有其它限制。你不可以添加法律行文或者技术规范来从法律上限制其他人施行这项协议所允许的事情。

# <a name="cht">2020世界製履大賽中英對照翻譯</a>

對照 https://shoegazing.com/2019/11/26/world-championships-in-shoemaking-2020-call-for-competition/ 來玩來一下中英對照翻譯。

使用 Latex 來實現雙列中英對照。

繁中在“TC”文件夾中。

簡中在“SC”文件夾中。

編譯需要有字體支持。請參照源文件的導言部分。

英文版權爲Jesper Ingevaldsson所有。

## 分享協議

CC BY-ND 4.0

創意共享-註明出處-不可改動 4.0版本。

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/

你可以自由：

* 分享內容。因各種緣由複製或分派內容到任何媒體或格式都是可以的，甚至是作爲商用。

原創人不可以吊銷此等自由，只要你遵守如下的協議規定：

* 註明出處。你必須註明原作信息，提供連接到該項協議，並指明是否有作任何改動。你可以使用任何合理的方式來進行，但不可以以任何方式暗示原創人認可你或者你的應用。

* 不可改動。如果你重新混合，改編，或者在已有材料的基礎上進行發展，你不可以分派這些改動過的內容。

除此以外，沒有其它限制。你不可以添加法律行文或者技術規範來從法律上限制其他人施行這項協議所允許的事情。

# <a name="en">World Championships in Shoemaking 2020, Chinese Translation for the competition criteria</a>

Translations (for fun) according to https://shoegazing.com/2019/11/26/world-championships-in-shoemaking-2020-call-for-competition/ .

Use Latex to implement dual-column Chinese -- English translations.

Traditional Chinese files are in the "TC" folder.

Simplified Chinese files are in the "SC" folder.

## Licence

Creative Common Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International (CC BY-ND 4.0).

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/

You are free to:

* Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
for any purpose, even commercially.

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.
Under the following terms:

* Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

* NoDerivatives — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you may not distribute the modified material.

No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

Commit message:

added cpy info in English

README.md, after:

[简体中文](#chs) [繁體中文](#cht) [English](#en)

# <a name="chs">2020世界制履大赛中英对照翻译</a>

对照 https://shoegazing.com/2019/11/26/world-championships-in-shoemaking-2020-call-for-competition/ 来玩来一下中英对照翻译。

使用 Latex 来实现双列中英对照。

繁中在“TC”文件夹中。

简中在“SC”文件夹中。

编译需要有字体支持。请参照源文件的导言部分。

英文版权为Jesper Ingevaldsson所有。

## 分享协议

CC BY-ND 4.0

创意共享-注明出处-不可改动 4.0版本。

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/

你可以自由：

* 分享内容。因各种缘由复制或分派内容到任何媒体或格式都是可以的，甚至是作为商用。

原创人不可以吊销此等自由，只要你遵守如下的协议规定：

* 注明出处。你必须注明原作信息，提供连接到该项协议，并指明是否有作任何改动。你可以使用任何合理的方式来进行，但不可以以任何方式暗示原创人认可你或者你的应用。

* 不可改动。如果你重新混合，改编，或者在已有材料的基础上进行发展，你不可以分派这些改动过的内容。

除此以外，没有其它限制。你不可以添加法律行文或者技术规范来从法律上限制其他人施行这项协议所允许的事情。

# <a name="cht">2020世界製履大賽中英對照翻譯</a>

對照 https://shoegazing.com/2019/11/26/world-championships-in-shoemaking-2020-call-for-competition/ 來玩來一下中英對照翻譯。

使用 Latex 來實現雙列中英對照。

繁中在“TC”文件夾中。

簡中在“SC”文件夾中。

編譯需要有字體支持。請參照源文件的導言部分。

英文版權爲Jesper Ingevaldsson所有。

## 分享協議

CC BY-ND 4.0

創意共享-註明出處-不可改動 4.0版本。

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/

你可以自由：

* 分享內容。因各種緣由複製或分派內容到任何媒體或格式都是可以的，甚至是作爲商用。

原創人不可以吊銷此等自由，只要你遵守如下的協議規定：

* 註明出處。你必須註明原作信息，提供連接到該項協議，並指明是否有作任何改動。你可以使用任何合理的方式來進行，但不可以以任何方式暗示原創人認可你或者你的應用。

* 不可改動。如果你重新混合，改編，或者在已有材料的基礎上進行發展，你不可以分派這些改動過的內容。

除此以外，沒有其它限制。你不可以添加法律行文或者技術規範來從法律上限制其他人施行這項協議所允許的事情。

# <a name="en">World Championships in Shoemaking 2020, Chinese Translation for the competition criteria</a>

Translations (for fun) according to https://shoegazing.com/2019/11/26/world-championships-in-shoemaking-2020-call-for-competition/ .

Use Latex to implement dual-column Chinese -- English translations.

Traditional Chinese files are in the "TC" folder.

Simplified Chinese files are in the "SC" folder.

The copyright for the original criteria in English belongs to Jesper Ingevaldsson.

## Licence

Creative Common Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International (CC BY-ND 4.0).

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/

You are free to:

* Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
for any purpose, even commercially.

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.
Under the following terms:

* Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

* NoDerivatives — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you may not distribute the modified material.

No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.
